Migrate docs to docs.nextstrain.org (#620)
nextstrain/augur: docs/releases/v6.md

<span style='color: orange'>Deprecation warning:</span> The argument `--output` is now deprecated. Please use `--output-node-data` instead.

## Import BEAST MCC trees

> We now have instructions and functionality to import BEAST trees, see [here](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/augur/docs/faq/import-beast.html).

Author: If / when we merge nextstrain/docs.nextstrain.org#36, this change will be necessary:

```suggestion
We now have instructions and functionality to import BEAST trees, see [here](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/guides/bioinformatics/import-beast.html).
```
